feat(Forms): expiry field (#2660)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/feature-fields/Expiry.mdx

---
title: 'Expiry'

> description: '`Field.Expiry` is a wrapper component for the input of strings, with user experience tailored for payment card Expiry.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: '`Field.Expiry` is a wrapper component for the input of strings, with user experience tailored for expiry dates for payment cards.'
```
